Deprecate model deployer in docs (#4076)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/component-guide/model-deployers/README.md

# Model Deployers

{% hint style="warning" %}
**DEPRECATION NOTICE**

> The Model Deployer stack component is deprecated in favor of the more flexible [**Deployer**](https://docs.zenml.io/component-guide/deployers) component and [**Pipeline Deployments**](https://docs.zenml.io/how-to/deployment).

Author: ```suggestion
The Model Deployer stack component is deprecated in favor of the more flexible [**Deployer**](https://docs.zenml.io/stacks/stack-components/deployers) component and [**Pipeline Deployments**](https://docs.zenml.io/how-to/deployment).
```
